# busBusinessManagement
 Developed a bus business management system which solves the problem of  bus business owners of managing their booking system and their customers. It offers following:  USERS Prospective: + Shows all routes and prices to the user. + Display all bus information based on locations, capacity and prices. Availabale seats are only shown to logged in users. + Users can start booking after creating the account. + Users can view their bookings. They can cancel their booking based on locations. + User personal background bank is created in which their bookings cost is monitored. It affects the earnings of owner. + Users can delete their account. All their related data is vanished once deleted.  ADMIN Prospective: + A default admin credential is provided as "admin" and password "12345". + Admin create a new credential and delete the existing one. The credential is only deleted when atleast one credential is available. + Admin is provided full control with CRUD operations to manage bookings based on username,manage buses, view and manage feedbacks, manage routes. + Total earnings is displayed.   DATABASE information: + "busBusinessDatabase" database is created to manage all records. +  7 Tables created:     -- adminlogins     -- Bookings     -- Bus_Details     -- Feedbacks     -- Route     -- userbank     -- userinfo + 25 Stored Procedures created to manage all CRUD operations through web application based on conditions applicable. + In booking, a check constraint is added if age >=18. + Foreign keys added:      -- If username doesn't exist in userinfo, it cannot be added into bookings.      -- If routeid is not added in route table, it will not be allowed to be added in bus table.       Technologies used: + Visual Studio 2019 + SQL Server Management Studio 19 Express + ASP.NET web application (.NET Framework) + MVC (Model View Controller)
